
2. When adding in

    const btnadd = document.getElementById("add");
        btnadd.addEventListener("click", addnums);

 this new lines of code allow for an eventto occur where the javascript 
 listens for a click event from the HTML. To break it down it first starts
 at const btnadd, const is the funcition and btn is the button with the button 
 id of add; btnadd is the varible. Then document.getElementById is the DOM grabbing
 the information from the id of 'add'. The second portion of code here is the varible
 of btnadd with the addEventListener; which listens for a click event from 
 the addnums function of the .js code.         
    

3. refrenced function- named function that can be refered to later


invoked function - when the code inside a function is carried out

var great = 'Nick';
    function no (thumbsdown)
    {alert ('Great Job');}


4. named function- a declared function that looks like a statement
    funcition subtract (v, g){
        return v - g;
    }
        subtract (6,3);


function expression - a function that is made insdie another syntax construct
var hi = green (m, b) {
    m = 4;
    b = 9;
    return m + b;
 }  

5.) arrow function- allow for a shorter function syntax
const b =( ) => { 
let x = 'joe ';
return x;
};

named function - a function declared as if it was stated.
var go ='jump';

Annonymous function- a function w/o a name
var x = '62';

6. 

7. window.location.reload means that the current page is to be refreshed and reload the document on view

8. in order to inalize a local git repository, you must first know where you are in the directory by using 
the pwd command. This command will tell you where you are in your directory. If you are not in the right directory 
you can change where you are by using the cd command. 

Now to push it to git hub, you must first use the git init command the intalizes a local git repository. Next the git 
status command will tell you what is already in your repository that would need to be added via the git add command. In this 
case gitadd nameoffile or git add name offfolder would allow for files/folders to be added on thier own.  To then link  these
files/folders from the local repository to the remote repository you would use the command git remote add orgin 
remoterepositoryurl; this will pull from the computer's local repository. An alternate option is to use the 
command of git u orgin. This will allow for an easier process of pulling repositories from the computer to GitHub itself. 
Another option would be to use git fetch, then git merge from remote to local repository.  



9. The hidden folder is the .git folder which is a comfirmation that lets you know that the local repository has been inalized.

10. master branch represents the inalized local Git project folder. To check for this you would go into the ternimal window, then use the pwd command
to see if the master branch is there. 